# Iforest
Locally Selection Combination in Parallel Outlier Ensembles. LSCP is an unsupervised parallel outlier detection ensemble which selects competent detectors in the local region of a test instance. This implementation uses an Average of Maximum strategy. First, a heterogeneous list of base detectors is fit to the training data and then generates a pseudo ground truth for each train instance is generated by taking the maximum outlier score.
For each test instance: 
1) The local region is defined to be the set of nearest training points in randomly sampled feature subspaces which occur more frequently than a defined threshold over multiple iterations.
2) Using the local region, a local pseudo ground truth is defined and the pearson correlation is calculated between each base detector’s training outlier scores and the pseudo ground truth.
3) A histogram is built out of pearson correlation scores; detectors in the largest bin are selected as competent base detectors for the given test instance.
4) The average outlier score of the selected competent detectors is taken to be the final score.
### Inputs

  - `--data_dir` : represents the path to the csv file taken as input from the output artifacts of preprocess library.
  - `--n_bins` : The number of number of bins when selecting the local region.
  - `--local_region_size` : Number of training points to consider in each iteration of the local region generation process.


### Outputs
The output model will be saved inside as **clf.joblib** file. This can be reused in the future to make predictions.

### How to run
```
cnvrg run  --datasets='[{id:{dataset name},commit:{commit id dataset}}]' --machine={compute size} --image={image to use} --sync_before=false python3 Train_Blueprint/lscp/model.py --data_dir {path to input csv} --alpha {aplha value} --data_dir {path to input file} --local_region_size {number of training points for local region generation}  --n_bins {number of bins}
```
Example run
```
cnvrg run  --datasets='[{id:"anomalydata",commit:"09d66f6e5482d9b0ba91815c350fd9af3770819b"}]' --machine="default.medium" --image=cnvrg:v5.0 --sync_before=false python3 Train_Blueprint/lscp/model.py --data_dir /input/preprocess/data_df_pca.csv --local_region_size 40 --n_bins 30
```
### Reference 
Zhao, Y., Nasrullah, Z. and Li, Z., 2019. PyOD: A Python Toolbox for Scalable Outlier Detection. Journal of machine learning research (JMLR), 20(96), pp.1-7.
https://github.com/yzhao062/pyod

